DATE: 4229/256th.

I started this "team" with someone I met, someone who has similar world views to me. (I hope...)

We both met at a public library, they chuckled at the book they were reading: "The Oppositions of the Enlightened",
a nearly banned book due to how offensive some content in the book is towards Deprai, but a great story written by
a great nephew of the first trauvian leader.

I asked them, casually; "Which part are you at?"
It was sort of a code for "You don't buy it too?"

They showed me a line, specifically: "Does this crowd believe that my blessings are nothing but stories
of a nobody getting attention from a fake, holy being? Or am I truly just mad like the rest of them?"

They then told me it was "ironic". I think something clicked between us, because when they stood up to leave,
they gave me an address, to show up four days from now, on "Shrine Day". [Shrine Day is an event that takes place
every 10 days. Citizens of Trauvia chooses an offering to make to Deprai at a nearby shrine built in "his" honor.
I stopped participating once I got out of my deeply religious home.]

Anyway, upon that day, this "someone" introduced themselves.

No name, at first I thought it was some form of caution, it was really because they legitimately could not remember
the name given to them by their mother.
But they also declared their independence from gender, sex and romance, as they thought it was "pointless".
Southern-Atmospheric Trauvian.

[Trauvians have classified themselves into 3 "sub-races":
Mid-Atmospheric Trauvian (born near the equator)
Northern-Atmospheric Trauvian
Southern-Atmospheric Trauvian]

Something was different about their body though, almost "evolved". It could change shape unlike other southerners.
[Southern Trauvia is so hot, offspring produced there literally MELT upon birth, giving them their "sludge" like body]

Since they have no name, I'll call them "Character".

...
Upon our formation (dubbed: "Proof Makers", a group made to end the religion surounding the figure, Deprai), we went to a fast food place for some lunch.
They apparently have a really big appetite, eating nearly 7 patty cases [Trauvian burger].

First impressions of them...are mixed.
They seem a little...out of it I guess? They say some interesting things, sure, but they have crazy theories about something called "divine and dreadful beings".
I don't know, they seem on board about this group.

----------

DATE: 4230/12th.

Within these past tripponxes [Trauvian Months (tripponx), happens every 30 days, after 360 days, a year passes, making 12 months], our plan
has been going. We plan to create a mass panic, then brodcast all the lies and cover ups from generations of Trauvian Leaders for the sake of their religion
(Pinning the mass panic onto the government as their doing as well). This causes protest and eventually leads to a civil war, which will likely end with the 
curent Trauvian Leader, Seax Escenss, being dethroned.

We also brought in a new member (via our recruitment system, one that I've been doing the talking and Character does the murdering (if needed)),
her name is Lucy Kelpza, Mid-Atmospheric. She's very quiet and shy, but she REALLY knows her way around town,
I mean she knows every nook and cranny this hell hole has to offer. She's also good with weapons.
She stood in protest to this religion because her mother tried to kill her after being "ordered" by Deprai.

We get along well, I think.
Character and her, however, are like, best friends already.
Lucy also brings her little brother on occaision, he'll be too young to remember, so it was alright with Character.

What we're stuck with is what to do to cause mass panic...

----------

DATE 4230/32nd.

Leader Seax just announced a new "decrypted" message from the "holy texts". Which introduced the public to "The Wipeout".

The Wipeout is the so called "hard reset" Deprai will "do" to all unfit planets and races. Seax says that "exterminating" other planets would
"make" them seem fit to The Wipeout.

Which is just so...disgusting...

They plan on exterminating an entire galaxy tomorrow, which is estimated to take 2.5 tripponx.
Such vile pieces of shit...including those bold enough to serve in their "glorious" army.
They've practially turned this entire planet into a mothership too...

----------

Date: 4230/121st.

A new member of our group has joined recently, he's a paranoid one, which means that he didn't want to use his real name.
He used his alias, he got the name from his older brother who left this planet tripponxes before the announcment of "The Wipeout".
His "name" being; Vitreous. He once worked for the government, using that alias. He says he just wants to dethrone Seax, and completly
stand neutral on the topic of "Deprai".

Character needs some more time to trust him fully, or at least Lucy is trying to convince them to trust Vitreous.
Vitreous and I are going to be good friends I think, we're both laid back and share a lot of similar oppinions.

Oh, forgot to mention that Vitreous is Northern-Atmospheric.
[Northern Trauvia has a weird chemical in their atmosphere that can make offspring produced there change color based on their emotions]

Vitreous brought in a tactic to gain mass panic, using a chemical (hidden to the public) called "Krimm". Studies of Krimm showed that it
could nullify iron, literally disolving it. Which can theoretically, released into the atmosphere at right place, kill the food chain. Stoping crop
production, causing livestock to cease to exist, indefinetly.
Krimm could also have a lasting effect on citizens as it has a supposed interesting reaction to what makes up of our "artificial food". Meaning
inhalants of this chemical directly will be allergic to our "artifical food".

Curently, Vitreous and I are building a sort of "device" to contain and release the poison, while Character works on stealing the chemicals required
to make this deadly poison.

----------

Date: 4232/349th.

Seax just announced the big extermation of the now FIFTH galaxy.

Character nearly has everything needed, Lucy is now scoutting for places to set off the now bomb Vitreous and I are creating.

----------

Date: 4233/62nd.

21 hours remain until the mass panic phase of the plan is set to action.
The steps are as follow:

- In approximately 3 hours, all four of us will rent out a motel room near our target location, The Bulb, a sky-high diner.

- In approximately 21 hours, Character will hide the following items in their stomach: The Bomb, the instructions FOR the bomb and gloves,
Character will then sneak out through a window leading to an alley behind the motel.

- Character then heads to The Bulb, eats, and before leaving; arms the bomb to detonate in 4 minutes in the bathroom, under a lose tile.

- Character will then exit, and swiftly return to the motel.

- After the explosion and the sudden starvation of live stock, phase 2 is initiated.

----------

Date: 4233/63rd.

Character retured from The Bulb. Everything went wrong, and right at the same time.

Their voice sounded like the've had a cold their whole life, and they would occaisionally lose their voice while talking too.
Apparently, the timer shorted out, causing an instant detonation. Character taking it head on caused this damage.

However, the plan to poison the atmosphere, was a success.

Supposedly we wait it out for a few hours.

----------

Date: 4234/46th

It has been nearly a year since we were shut down.
I'm curently having someone else type for me, as I've gone blind in both eyes.

Character...or what I should be calling them now according to the public, "The Monster".
Anyways, The Monster and I were both imprisoned into the same cell, Lucy was imprisoned too and Vitreous was taken to a labor camp.

One of these days, The Monster starts their usual ramble about their batshit insane theories...And I had a little hedache, so I politely told them
to be quiet. They did not however think it was polite, they then told me the most hypocritical, insane string of words a being has ever heard, I'll try
to recall as best as I can.

...

[The Traitor's recall of The Monster's string of words]:

TM: "Erick...I truly realized somthing, in this [BORING] cell we've been stuck in for so long..."
"We saw...[OPPOSITE] to eachother..."

TT: "Which is?"

TM: "You for one, thought that [DEPRAI] was a story made up to justify henious actions commited by our race."
"I think, Deprai is a [LIE] that is used to discourage worthy beings to take that [ROLE]."

TT: "What are you even trying to say?!"

TM: "The day I got called a [SPAWN] of evil by the enforcment patrol...made something snap inside me..."
"The mythology I read from ancient Trauvian times...was eluding to [MY] birth this whole time!!!"

(The Monster then transforms one of their hands into a giant fist, solidifying it to break the glass, causing the alarm to go off)

TT: "Have you fucking lost it, already?! You can't possibly believe that Puir actually EXISTED at one point..."

(Armored guards appear at the cell door, spears pointed towards The Monster)

TM: "I'm the most [SANE] I've ever been, Erick."

(The Monster grabs a guard, crushing it's armor off with the pressure of their enlarged fist.)

TM: "And I don't just [BELIEVE] it...I [KNOW] it."

(The Monster opens it's mouth, and bites the guard in half.)
(The remaining shocked Guards look in horror to The Monster as they toss the leftovers of the guard.)
(The Monster grabs both remaining guards heads and crashes them into eachother in an explosion of skull fragments.)

TM: "I [TRULY] am The Spawn Of Evil!!"
TM: "Those dying words my [MOTHER] [SAID] to me...was my fathers challenge for me to [SURPASS] him!!!"
TM: "[ERICK]! Don't you [SEE]?! I WILL BECOME THE LIVING, BREATHING, PHYSICAL, [GOD] THOSE DESPRATE TRAUVIANS [ARE] SO DESPRATE TO SEE!!!"

(The Monster cackles at me, blood dripping out of their mouth.)

TM: "I only wish [YOU] were capable of reaching elightenment...I just [WISH] you were a [DREADFUL BEING] like me..."

(I remember backing up slowly, I thought of them like a unpredictable wild animal at that point)

TM: "I feel so [SORRY], Erick...I'm so sorry you became one of those [FILTHY] [MORTALS] who doesn't even [SEE] eye to eye with [ME]"

(The Monster sharpens their arm. The last time I can remember being able to see.)

...

That day was the last day I could ever see. My...former...best friend blinded me.
Sometimes I think this was to not make me see the attrocities they commited after they ate a guard in front of me and killed 2 more violently.
But I doubt it, considering they called me filthy.
I was the only survivor in "Galaxy 5's Prison Massacre". The rest were either eaten or deformed beyond reconition.

A week after I got out of the hospital, my mugshot was taken. I think everyone was nearby or standing next to me.
Poor Lucy must've felt terrified standing nearby The Monster.

Speaking of which, her trail aried on my TV after I was transfered to a newer, more relaxed prison just a week later. [1 trauvian week is 6 days]
I think I cried when the verdict was announced, I can't imagine what she sounded like after, I had to plug my ears for the maditory brodcast of
the removal of her vocal chords..

...

Vitreous' trial was a week later, his real name was "Retna Rine"...banishment was a little unusaul. But considering he did non lethal/harmful activities
I guess it made sense.

He's probably situated far up north, somewhere that has so much snow it's impossible to get hot. He's forbiden to leave the planet too.

...

A few tripponxes after the massacre...The Monster excaped prison again and commited one of the most evil acts a being has ever done.
They wiped nearly 702 planets, in search for some power capable to "elighten" them completely. Which I think is something they made up
when they had that insomnia episode a couple days before the massacre.

After some advanced team caught them. They've transported them into a way more advanced cell. A trillionth of a chance to escape.
Some rumor is floating around that some kid on a planet that Seax has ordered the takeover of has the potential to make The Monster bleed.

Seax is still trying to get his hands on him though...